Add datatype property ranges (#1390)
semanticarts/gist: docs/release_notes/1302-add-datatype-property-ranges.md

### Major Updates

> - Set ranges of `gist:containedText`, `gist:uniqueText`, `gist:encryptedText`, `gist:description`, `gist:name` and `gist:symbol` to `xsd:string OR rdf:langString` to enable use of rdf:langString in addition to xsd:string. Issue [#1302](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/1302).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set ranges of `gist:containedText`, `gist:uniqueText`, `gist:encryptedText`, `gist:description`, `gist:name` and `gist:symbol` to `xsd:string OR rdf:langString` to enable use of either one. Issue [#1302](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/1302).
```

> - Set ranges of `gist:containedText`, `gist:uniqueText`, `gist:encryptedText`, `gist:description`, `gist:name` and `gist:symbol` to the `rdf:PlainLiteral` datatype, which accepts string literals with or without language tags. Issue [#1302](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/1302).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set ranges of `gist:containedText`, `gist:uniqueText`, `gist:encryptedText`, `gist:description`, `gist:name` and `gist:symbol` to `rdf:PlainLiteral`, which encompasses string literals with or without language tags. Issue [#1302](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/1302).
```

@willmandel Note that `rdf:PlainLiteral` is a class, not a datatype.
